# TMDb-Project: Investigate The Dataset </br>
## Table of Contents </br>
Introduction </br>
Data Wrangling </br>
Exploratory Data Analysis </br>
Conclusions </br>

## Introduction </br>
In this project, I will be analyzing data from The Movie Database (TMDb). This data set contains 10,866 rows and the following column attributes:</br>

movie_id - A unique identifier for each movie. </br>
imdb_id - A unique identifier for each movie on IMDB. </br>
cast - The name of lead and supporting actors. </br>
director - the director of the movie. </br>
budget - The budget in which the movie was made. </br>
genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc. </br>
homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie. </br>
id - This is infact the movie_id as in the first dataset. </br>
keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie. </br>
original_title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation. </br>
overview - A brief description of the movie. </br>
popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity. </br>
production_companies - The production house of the movie. </br>
production_countries - The country in which it was produced. </br>
release_date - The date on which it was released. </br>
revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie. </br>
runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes. </br>
tagline - Movie's tagline. </br>
vote_average - average ratings the movie recieved. </br>
budget_adj - shows the budget associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars. </br>
revenue_adj - shows the revenue associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
</br>

The project process is divided into three parts: Data Wrangling, Exploratory Data Analysis, and Conclusion.</br>
## Questions </br>
This analysis will answer the following questions:</br>
How did the amount of produced films changed over time?</br>
Which Month Released Highest Number Of Movies In all Of The Years?</br>
What is the most and what is the least popular movie?</br>
What are the 10 most and least profitable movies?</br>
What are the correlations between popularity, revenue, budget and profit?</br>
